nor Laura Laura Laura Laura VPN sure you
could see the new Sonic movie or you
could watch Fredrik Knutson emperor
lemon cynical reviews Java Slovakia 59
sift it scene tech Jesus and music by -
mad in dark tomb fire masters epic
fanfiction sonic high school
[Music]
kept the one solid workup and looked at
the clock seven o'clock it said and
sonic screamed I am late for school I
have to get to school now since sonic
jumping out of bed
sonic put on his clothes really fast and
ran out of his room because he is fast
no time for breakfast said Sonic as he
ran past Sonic's mum you will regret
this said Sonic's mum leering at him
from the kitchen stove wearing aprons
and oven mitts on her hands
so did not care he was late sonic ran
outside and ran to the bus stop
where people would get him on the bus
amazing did sonic as he ran towards the
bus hey knuckles it's Sonic
Sid tails - knuckles at the bus stop he
is late
Sid Knuckles details before getting on
the bus sonic ran so fast to the bus and
he got on the bus after tails just
enzyme said sonic huffing and puffing
like he was doing the cupid shuffle for
the first time Sonic sat down next to
Tails and Knuckles set behind them
taking up both seats I'm Sol Bird said
knuckles laughing because he set with
two people could sit knuckles did this
every day and no one bothered him but
they all knew that it was against the
rules the bus started and drove at the
school and parked and they got out we're
at school now SIB tails it is time to go
to class sonic was also at the school so
he went to his first class of the day
English class sonic did not like English
very much but he did not like any class
very much that was not about running and
going fast which is what sonic does best
sonic got to his class and sat down in
his seat it is since Sonic's English
teacher mrs. lesson your journal entries
to the class Sonic took out his blue
journal course it was bleak and ran out
in front of everyone quickly and put his
journal on a disk and ran back to his
desk with all with his head down and not
talking or looking at anyone Sonic was
so fast that he did it first everyone
else did it afterwards and slower misses
lesson grabbed a journal from the pile
and Sonic knew it was his because it
looked like Sonic spin-off sonic knew
this because he had written in it so
many times it was crazy
mrs. listen opened up a totally random
page and it was the worst one she could
have picked she began to read I called
the doctor today about a problem I have
a problem with my balls
they are itchy and it is difficult to
sit still with them because they are so
itchy I have to back up against stucco
surfaces and rub up and down on them to
relieve the itchiness no dreams have
worked creams only make my ball sweat
smell like the breath of a thoroughbred
and I think Amy my girlfriend noticed I
hope my doctor calls love sonic no stop
reading since sonic but he reacted too
late because it was already read all of
it everyone in the class laughed and
sonic felt like an idiot [__] because
now everyone knew all about his ball
problems Sonic felt his rage build up
inside of him like a pool of lava and a
volcano
shattered sonic but everyone was
laughing so loud that they did not hear
him in Sonic was just so embarrassed and
mad and sad but more embarrassed so he
ran out of the class fast corseted sonic
ran to his lock and opened it and
screamed into it he screamed this sucks
and other curse words to shoot what is
the problem sir tails are you mad
Sid tails sonic was mad so he noted you
should tell everyone that it is okay to
have problems with your balls and that
they probably have problems that they do
not want everyone to know about - so
stop laughing at me
sonic Thor tails was right because tails
was smart knuckles was there too
so he said sonic what's wrong with your
penis and balls no sonic was so mad
again so he punched knuckles and then he
ran away where sonic ran to was his next
class it is now second period so it was
okay hey Amy said sonic Jack meow and
sonic did a dance move Wow cool let's
kiss said Amy and the Sonic and Amy
kissed right there in the class and some
of the other people in the class watched
but the teacher wasn't there yet so they
didn't get in trouble and who's gonna
tell Sonic that he can't kiss his girl
in class Sonic kissed back really hard
and it was sexy to everyone the teacher
arrived and they did class but Sonic
just looked at Amy the whole time who is
sitting next to Rouge Amy Andrews talk
and they looked at Sonic some times and
laughed and Sonic thought amy was
telling her about how awesome Sonic
kissed her but it was not Ruth was
telling Amy about Sonic's gave all
problems if and Amy was sonics
girlfriend but she thought it was the
funniest thing ever
oh no class ended in Sonic winter Amy
quick and did not stop on the way hey
Amy why don't you go telling Rouge about
how hard we kiss : close parentheses
since Sonic with a smile on his face
that means that he did not care that Amy
did this but really wanted her to
because it made him look cooler
actually bridge was telling me about the
problems with your balls and penis and
puzzle that everyone found out sports in
your English class Wow was Sonic
surprised he did not know what to say
end of chapter one
chapter 2 mrs. DISA sad man as yourself
the rest of the day for Sonic is awful
so bad it was that Sonic went home and
went right to the bathroom and took a
big poop it was a mad poop because it
went if I'm fast it shooted out of his
butthole so fast that it was like it
gonna shoot his poop stung so much that
it that even the neighbors kept that the
neighbors could even smell it and they
had a meeting at night about what to do
about it and they decided that they
would just put fans on outside and if it
really started to smell again they would
do something else so is Sonic pooped and
wind up to his room and shouted into his
pillow I hate Sonic shouted loud any
heard a knock at the door
What's Wrong Sonic asked Sonic's mum
nothing said Sonic since Sonic okay just
keep it down because I'm trying to watch
the TV said Sonic's mum to Sonic and
lift without saying anything else Sonic
was in his room still so he looked out
of the window and saw tails flying there
with his flying tails Sonic are you okay
asked tails I was worried about you
Sonic Sonic was less mad because tails
was always nice and smart and didn't
care that Sonic lifts his pawns around
his room see so he could think about
kissing and doing sex on Amy please be
happy said tails are you there Sonic
went to the window and opened the window
Sonic grabbed hills and put him on the
bed because Sonic is strong too
this day was the worst SID Sonic
everyone thinks I am a gay loser all
because I gave them my journal sonic
cried a little and Tails put his hand
under his face to catch the tears tears
can stain the carpet but button
tails hugs want to consume I am always
here for you the promise tonight also
Wow I forgot
Sid sonic sonic ran to his closet fast
and pulled out his prom uniform it's a
truck scener
and put it on Bob limo you yet tails
said Sonic while looking at tails yes
Sid tails right back let's go and Sonic
went outside with tails who was also in
prom clothing and they wind outside and
got in the limo the limo is broken said
the limo driver who looked like well
jeez ok I'm changing that ok Sonic and
Tails got out of the limo and asked the
limo driver if they could fix it nope
the limo is broken eternally said the
limo driver have to get here so he sort
of grabbed tails his hand and said let's
go and run all the way to the prom which
was on an island called goose Ireland
this place is scary
Sid tails ghost island was really scary
he was shaped like a skull and
everything looked like it was dead Sonic
looked at tails yeah it is Sid Sonic why
would they put the prom on this island
Sid tails I don't see anyone else from
the school here tails and sonic were
both worried about at all Sonic and
Tails walked forward and there was a
haunted house Sonic and Tails went into
the haunted house and it was spooky
Sonic's or coast
entails sore mummy it was a man laughing
to Sonic and Tails now you are both here
and fallen right into my trap
said the man laughing it was Eggman
you're here ah Sonic and sheltered it
Eggman
are you here for the Chaos Emeralds
sonic shook his visit Eggman and Tails
ran at him but what an idiot he was
because a cage fell down on top of the
sky and traps tails when you are doomed
now said Eggman welcome to the graveyard
of you
sonic was shocked but did not run
forward because he did not want to get
caught - but what if Eggman did not have
another cage sunk did not know so he
went to the side into a different room
this room was smaller and had carpets
and wallpaper it was still scary though
sonic said I need to find a way out and
to save tails
Eggman law and pointed at Sonic I kissed
Amy and now you can never date her again
because I am going to do sex to her
tonight no this cannot be real sit Sonic
Sonic knew that he had to do something
but what
add time we now pronounce you ideal
candidate for 20 President of the United
States of a man wait wait what is this
hold the inauguration I have right here
the president elects internet search
history
give it here well this is bad I hereby
declare you not the president and
instead sentence you to live on virgin
island now your opponent loves to smoke
crack 666 will be in charge oh no what
have I done is this the future you
really want if only he had used Nord VPN
Nord VPN keeps your web traffic safe
unless you view region-locked content
look at all these channels Wow now I
don't have to go to the theater wait
stop that but Internet Astoria I am but
a humble gamer I cannot afford a VPN
that has unlimited bandwidth and works
in such places as China that's where
you're wrong go to North VP in.com slash
internet historian and use the code
internet historian to get 75 percent off
plus a free month when you use code
internet historian okay I'm convinced
wow it worked and now I'm the president
also it made me 75% more attractive and
my parents are no longer getting a
divorce
god bless Nord VPN dot-com / Internet a
story ad / chapter 3 sonic ran the
fastest write to dr. Eggman right
through his traps and jumped at the
floating
Eggman with Stanley I'm coming for you
said Sonic and he jumped up up right to
the platform and got so close but fell
because it was just too high to reach
even for Sonic Sonic said damn and ran
up the staircase that was in the middle
of the big room that were under Eggman
Sonic ranch at the top and at the top he
jumped again from a harness plug and
this time reached the platform because
it was easier to get to now you are mine
shouted Sonic right into Eggman's Here I
am not going to follow this easily said
Eggman who then grabbed a crystal remote
control out of his pocket and pressed a
button on it that made a dome of lasers
around Eggman get out of here yelled
Eggman
I am Eggman and I will have my way with
the treasures of this island so Eggman
Eggman flew up higher on his platform
and Sonic had already fell from the
lasers that were on the floated planet
so Sonic didn't get to go to Eggman
disappeared into a purple and black
portal at the top of the ceiling and
Sonic was left at the bottom of the room
on the middle of the stairs
he still has to be here somewhere and I
need to get tails out of that locked
cage SID sonic thinking about what he
should do next
sonic ran up the stairs really fast and
down the hallway at the top of the
stairs on the second floor
sonic picked a door and ran into the
door the room sonic ran into had a big
picture of an old man on it and he
looked just so old that it looked like
seeing a skeleton right there sonic said
this man probably died ages ago and left
all his buddy from being in real estate
to his sons who built this place Sonic
thought this was not the right room to
be in so he lifted and went into the
next room this was the right room to be
in Sonic knew immediately there was a
big red bed and Amy was tied with rope
around her feet and hands and there was
another rope around her head with a lock
in her mouth so she couldn't open it or
say anything at all sonic ran right to
the bed and untied Amy with his sonic
speed I'm so glad you're here said
aiming this prom is not turning out like
I hoped it would when I bought this
dress amy was wearing a pretty red dress
that was like but she normally wears but
longer and there were two flowers on the
shoulders Amy's dress also made her
group look bigger Sonic notice so I
thought for a moment that this was the
perfect moment to kiss her to give sex
to him but he did not do it because
tails still needed help where is the key
to open tails cage SID sonic - Amy we
need to open tails cage he can't get out
the cage
I saw Eggman putting a key in a safe
behind the picture in the room you were
just in said Amy so let's go get it
Amy in sonic ran into the next room and
sonic got there first circles did sonic
punched his big strong hand right hand
painting like a bodybuilder and found a
safe behind the painting this safe needs
a password said sonic what could it be
sonic thought long and hard about
everything he knew about Eggman sonic
knew it wasn't gay us
whoo Oh whoo he's ruined Sonic's plans
to be a hero and now he ruined Sonic's
prom sonic tapped on his brain and
thought harder maybe the password is his
name said Amy it was not and sonic knew
that before sonic put it into the lock
yeah I love her for her body bullet
sonic sonic thought harder and had an
idea what if the password is Sao HC s
dla REM e finally shouted sonic at Amy
next to him
Amy who was there Sid what does that
mean
Amy sonics girlfriend just to clarify
was confused
it is Chaos Emeralds backwards but he
really wants but messed up so we would
not guess it scream Sonic's so happy
Sonic type the password into the safe
and would you know it it popped open and
there was this big key so sonic took him
sonnig ran down the stairs and then amy
did and sonic open tails his cage and
Tails got out I am so glad to be safe
once again thanks to you Sonic the day
is saved
tails was smiling bigger than a
crocodile having a silly dream but sonic
was not huh what is wrong Sonic
everything is right now since sonic no
it isn't Sid sonic so mad and sad Eggman
got away without a real punishment for
what he did sonic shook his face at the
sky thinking about how Eggman slipped
away like a slippery balloon that Sonic
let go of but we are all safe Amy said
that is what really matters
sonic figured out right then that Amy's
superpower must have been being nice
because like he knew before it wasn't
being smart which Tails was best at and
Sonic is also good at too but sonic did
not think about how his day at school
was bad anymore because his balls did
not even really itchy anymore
sonic laughed tails laughed amy laughed
and they went home ready for the next
day of high school
what he can do song English Sonic